What do you call a hippie's wife? A Mississippi!
What did the duck say when she bought a lipstick? Put it on my bill!
I hate Russian dolls. They're so full of themselves.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto!
Where did the computer go dancing? The disc-o!
What do bees do if they need a ride? Wait at the buzz stop!
What do you give to a sick lemon? Lemon aid!
What did the little mountain say to the bigger mountain? Hi Cliff!
What do you call a monkey that loves Doritos? A chipmunk!
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing!
Why are there gates around cemeteries? Because people are dying to get in!
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef!
Do you remember that joke I told you about my spine? It was about a weak back!
I just went to an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
When's the best time to go to the dentist? Tooth-hurtie!
What do you call a dangerous sun shower? A rain of terror!
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they've bagels!
What do you call a farm that makes bad jokes? Corny!
Why do fish live in salt water? Because pepper makes them sneeze!
What streets to ghosts haunt? Dead ends!
What do you tell actors to break a leg? Because every play has a cast!
What kind of dogs love car racing? Lap dogs!
What did Winnie the Pooh say to his agent? "Show me the honey!"
What do you call birds who stick together? Vel-crows.
Today I gave my dead batteries away. They were free of charge.
What do you call it when one cow spies on another? A steak out!
What happens when a frog's car breaks down? It gets toad!
I went on a once-in-a-lifetime vacation. Never again.
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but its flag is a big plus!
My favorite word is "drool." It just rolls off the tongue.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands.
I just wrote a book on reverse psychology. Do not read it.
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? "Graaaaaaaains!"
My new thesaurus is terrible. Not only that, but it's also terrible.
Why didn't the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
I got fired from my job at the bank today. An old lady came in and asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
I wasn't going to visit my family this December, but my mom promised to make me Eggs Benedict. So I'm going home for the hollandaise.
What did the blanket say as it fell off the bed? "Oh sheet!"
I like to spend every day as if it's my last. Staying in bed and calling for a nurse to bring me more pudding.
Why do cow-milking stools only have three legs? 'Cause the cow's got the udder!
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents.
What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when it hits a windshield? Its butt.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? "Supplies!"
Imagine if Americans switched from pounds to kilograms overnight. There would be mass confusion!
It's inappropriate to make a "dad joke" if you are not a dad. It's a faux pa.
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car? "Robin, get in the car."
I have an addiction to cheddar cheese. But it's only mild.
Why shouldn't you write with a broken pencil? Because it's pointless!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
What did the buffalo say when his son left? Bison!
I was sitting in traffic the other day.  Probably why I got run over.
Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward. That's just how I roll.
What's red and shaped like a bucket?A blue bucket painted red.
What don't ants get sick? They have anty-bodies.
What do you call a fish with no eye? Fssshh.
Why do you smear peanut butter on the road? To go with the traffic jam.
When is your door not actually a door? When it's actually ajar.
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the National Zoo.
What's green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
What's green, fuzzy, and would hurt if it fell on you out of a tree? A pool table.
A communist joke isn't funny unless everyone gets it.
What did one dish say to the other? Dinner is on me!
What does a house wear? Address!
Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the pee is silent.
Cosmetic surgery used to be such a taboo subject. Now you can talk about Botox and nobody raises an eyebrow.
What do you call someone who immigrated to Sweden?Artificial Swedener.
Have you heard the one about the corduroy pillow? It's making headlines.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool? Bob.
What do you call a man who can't stand? Neil.
What's the dumbest animal in the jungle? A polar bear!
I'm thinking about removing my spine. I feel like it's only holding me back.
Did you hear about the two thieves who stole a calendar? They each got six months.
I'm terrified of elevators so I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them.
Have you heard of the band 923 Megabytes? Probably not, they haven't had a gig yet.
What do you call a psychic little person who has escaped from prison? A small medium at large.
How does a rabbi make coffee? Hebrews it!
Rest in peace boiling water. You will be mist!
How do you throw a space party? You planet!
Want to hear a construction joke? Oh never mind, I'm still working on that one.
Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!
I hate Russian dolls… they're so full of themselves!
Talk is cheap? Have you ever talked to a lawyer?
Why did the gym close down? It just didn't work out!
Two artists had an art contest. It ended in a draw!
A plateau is the highest form of flattery.
I have a fear of speed bumps. But I am slowly getting over it.
You can only get spoiled milk from a pampered cow.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A stick!
You know what I saw today? Everything I looked at.
What are shark's two most favorite words? Man overboard!
If we shouldn't eat at night, why do they put a light in the fridge?
Have you ever tried eating a clock? It's really time-consuming, especially if you go for seconds.
Why are ghosts such bad liars? Because they are easy to see through.
It's cleaning day so naturally, I've already polished off a whole chocolate bar.
What did the buffalo say when his son left for college? Bison!
Here, I bought you a calendar. Your days are numbered now.
Where do fish sleep? In the riverbed.
What did one plate say to his friend? Tonight, dinner's on me!
Where are average things manufactured? The satisfactory.
I tried to sue the airport for misplacing my luggage. I lost my case.
What kind of exercise do lazy people do? Diddly-squats.
What do you call a pony with a cough? A little horse!
What is Forest Gump's password? 1Forest1.
Why did the M&M go to school? He wanted to be a Smartie.
What did one traffic light say to the other? Stop looking! I am changing!
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper!
Why do French people eat snails? They don't like fast food!
What's red and moves up and down? A tomato in an elevator!
I invented a new word today. Plagiarism.
What is sticky and brown? A stick!
Why doesn't the sun go to college? Because it has a million degrees!
I was wondering why the frisbee was getting bigger, then it hit me.
I have many jokes about unemployed people, sadly none of them work.
What do you call a singing laptop? A Dell!
Why was six afraid of seven? Because seven ate nine.
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
How do trees get online? They just log on!
Some people think prison is one word…but to robbers it's the whole sentence.
My girlfriend treats me like God. She ignores my existence and only talks to me when she needs something.
Where does the sheep get his hair cut? The baa baa shop!
Why did the orange stop? It ran out of juice!
I never make mistakes. …I thought I did once; but I was wrong.
What dd the man in the moon do when his hair got too long? Eclipse it!
What did 0 say to 8? Nice belt!